Hello everyone and welcome
to the SQL Statement Fundamentals section of the course.
This section is gonna focus on SQL syntax
and what's really important
about what you're gonna learn here
is that the syntax in this section can be applied
to any major type of SQL database.
So if you move on to work on like a MySQL database
or an Oracle database,
the SQL syntax you learn
throughout this section of the course
and anytime we're gonna be learning
specific SQL syntax statements and queries,
you're gonna be able to apply that knowledge
to basically any major type of SQL database.
So we're gonna start with the basics and have challenges
along the way to test your understanding.
With all that being said, let's go ahead and get started.